# School_District_Analysis
- Public schools have a higher overall average budget. When comparing grades, they also appear to have on average higher budgets per grade. In fact, after breaking down the school budgets per grade, all grade budgets under the Charter school, "school type" subset are under the overall school budget average of the data set as a whole (893,742.749107). Although, it appears Charter schools have a higher “math score” average per grade than public schools. Also, grades 9, 10, and 11 all have higher math scores than the overall average math score of the data set (64.68)
    
- In addition, when looking further into the data pulled on “Dixon high school” we can see that they have a relatively higher “student count”, (1,583) being 3rd on the list. We also see they are a Charter school, and they have a relatively low Budget (870,334) when compared to public schools and the overall school budget of the data set. Which may explain why they have the student with the lowest overall reading score.
    
- Students in grades 11 and 12 have an average reading level of 74.900. Which is higher than the overall reading score of the data set, which is 72.35.
    
- There are many additional items I would want to look in to further regarding this data. Specifically, I’d like to compare the reading and math scores between the two school types. Both by the overall average scores and then further by grade. In addition, id like to make a distinction between which schools are charter schools vs. public schools when comparing “student count” to see if there is a significant difference there and apply summary statistics to that data frame. Then apply these findings to the analysis of the budgets between the school types we did in the challenge. That way we could paint a picture of which schools are preforming better under certain circumstances/ or more efficiently (higher scores while having a higher student count/ lower budget). Or see why certain schools have lower reading / math scores (i.e., lower budget or higher student count).
